feat(curriculum): add Artifact Provenance Auditor workshop (#68860)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-artifact-provenance-auditor/6a57c331ae94fa4631b6086e.md

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b6086e
title: Step 15
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

> The person responsible for an artifact can change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As your museum grows, the person responsible for an artifact can change.
```

> Create a function named `updateCurator` with parameters `id` and `name`. Look up the artifact with `collection[id]`. If the artifact exists, set the `name` of its `curator` object to the given `name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an `updateCurator` function that takes `id` and `name` as parameters. Look up the artifact using `collection[id]`. If it exists, update the `name` property of its `curator` object to the provided `name`.
```

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b6086e
title: Step 15
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-15
---

# --description--

The person responsible for an artifact can change.

The lookup line is provided. Inside `updateCurator`, if the artifact exists, set the `name` of its `curator` object to the given `name`.

# --hints--

You should have a function named `updateCurator` with parameters named `id` and `name`.

```js
assert.isFunction(updateCurator);
const regex = __helpers.functionRegex('updateCurator', ['id', 'name']);

> assert.match(__helpers.removeJSComments(code), regex);

Reviewer: You can replace this with AST helpers. Please refer to the [AST Helpers documentation.](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/curriculum-help/#typescript-helpers).
